Readme.md, before:

# Lombiq Fields Orchard module readme



An [Orchard CMS](http://orchardproject.net/) module that adds some useful content fields:

- Media Library Upload Field: a modified version of Media Library Picker Field that enables users to upload files attached to content items.
- Money Field: a field for storing money-related values such as amount and currency using the [.NET Money type](https://bitbucket.org/rplaire/money-type-for-the-clr).

The fields have their separate features that you can enable; after this the fields will be available to be added to content types. Note that the fields also have content type-level settings.

The module is also available for [DotNest](http://dotnest.com/) sites.

The module's source is available in two public source repositories, automatically mirrored in both directions with [Git-hg Mirror](https://githgmirror.com):

- [https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/lombiq-fields](https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/lombiq-fields) (Mercurial repository)
- [https://github.com/Lombiq/Lombiq-Fields](https://github.com/Lombiq/Lombiq-Fields) (Git repository)

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies Ltd](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.

Commit message:

Changing licence to BSD 3-Clause and updating Readme to new format

Readme.md, after:

# Lombiq Fields Orchard module



## About

An [Orchard CMS](http://orchardproject.net/) module that adds some useful content fields:

- Media Library Upload Field: a modified version of Media Library Picker Field that enables users to upload files attached to content items.
- Money Field: a field for storing money-related values such as amount and currency using the [.NET Money type](https://bitbucket.org/rplaire/money-type-for-the-clr).

The fields have their separate features that you can enable; after this the fields will be available to be added to content types. Note that the fields also have content type-level settings.

The module is also available for [DotNest](http://dotnest.com/) sites.


## Contributing and support

Bug reports, feature requests, comments, questions, code contributions, and love letters are warmly welcome, please do so via GitHub issues and pull requests. Please adhere to our [open-source guidelines](https://lombiq.com/open-source-guidelines) while doing so.

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.
